STATEMENT OF JAMES WHEELER
Re: Accident on December 3, 2024
Case Reference: 2025-CV-04821

Look, I want to set the record straight about what happened that day. People are making this out to be something it wasn't.

On December 3rd, I was driving my Ford F-150 south on Oak Avenue, heading home from a late lunch with my buddy. Yes, I had a couple of beers at lunch — maybe two, possibly three — but I was fine to drive. I've driven after having a few beers hundreds of times without any issues. I wasn't drunk. Not even close.

When I got to the intersection at Main Street, I'm pretty sure the light was yellow — or at least it had just turned red. It's a fast light at that intersection, everyone knows that. I was already committed to going through. You can't just slam on your brakes in an F-150, it doesn't stop on a dime.

The other car — some small sedan — seemed to come out of nowhere. I don't think she was paying attention. She might have been on her phone, honestly. These days everybody's on their phones while driving. I'm not saying she definitely was, but I wouldn't be surprised.

The impact wasn't as bad as she's probably claiming. I mean, yeah, it was a collision, but her car moved maybe 10-15 feet at most. I've seen way worse accidents. My truck had some front-end damage but I could have driven it home if the cops hadn't made me leave it.

After the crash, I got out to assess the situation. I was a little shaken up — anyone would be — but I was NOT stumbling around drunk like she probably said. I checked on my truck first because I was worried about a fuel leak, which is actually the responsible thing to do. I was going to go check on her next but by that time people were already swarming around her car.

I don't recall exactly how long it took for the ambulance to arrive. Maybe 15-20 minutes? It felt like forever just standing there while people were giving me dirty looks like I'm some kind of criminal.

About the alcohol — I passed the field sobriety test. Well, I did most of it. The officer said my balance was "borderline" but that doesn't mean I was impaired. My BAC was 0.07, which is under the legal limit. So legally, I was not drunk. Period.

I feel bad that she got hurt, I do. But this was an accident. Accidents happen at intersections all the time. I don't think I should be held responsible for what was basically just bad timing.

My insurance should cover everything anyway. That's what insurance is for.

James Wheeler
